Q.1 What are comments and what is the importance if commenting in any code?
ANS:A comment is basically a text note that gives an explanation about the source code. Furthermore, they act as documentation
    in the source code. We include comments to increase the readability of the program. Besides, comments make it easy for the 
	programmer to remember the complex things added to the code.

Q.2 What is Call Statement and when do you use this statement?
ANS:In programming, a "call statement" transfers control from one part of a program to another, typically a function or 
    subroutine, allowing modularity and code reuse. You use it to execute a specific block of code that is defined elsewhere. 
    Here's a more detailed explanation:
    What it does: A call statement instructs the program to execute a specific subroutine or function, which is a separate
	block of code that performs a particular task. 
    Syntax: The exact syntax varies depending on the programming language, but it generally involves the keyword "CALL" 
	followed by the name of the subroutine or function, and optionally, any arguments that need to be passed to it. 
    When to use it:
    Modularity: When you want to break down a complex program into smaller, manageable units of code. 
    Code Reusability: When you want to use the same block of code in multiple places within your program or even in other 
	programs. 
    Organization: When you want to improve the readability and maintainability of your code. 
    Examples:
    COBOL: CALL "SUBROUTINE" USING param1, param2 
    Java: myObject.myMethod(arg1, arg2); 
    Visual Basic: Call MySub(arg1, arg2) 
    In essence, the call statement is a fundamental tool for organizing and structuring code, making it easier to write, read,
	and maintain larger programs. 


Q.3 How do you compile a code in VBA? What are some of the problem that you might face when you don’t compile a code?
ANS:You can compile your VBA code by clicking Debug Menu → Compile VBA Project. A compile error for a missing “End if” part of 
    an IF statement. Every individual line in the code is correct, but together, they don't represent a complete IF statement.


Q.4 What are hot keys in VBA? How can you create your own hot keys?
ANS:Function Keys. F1. Displays help on a keyword or (Help > Microsoft Visual Basic for Applications Help). ...
    Shift + Function. Shift + F2. ...
    Ctrl + Function. Ctrl + F2. ...
    Other + Function. Alt + F4. ...
    Ctrl + Letters. Ctrl + A. ...
    Other + Letters. Alt + A. ...
    Entering. Shift + Insert. ...
    Selecting. Shift + Home.


Q.5 Create a macro and shortcut key to find the square root of the following numbers 665, 89, 72, 86, 48, 32, 569, 7521
ANS:On the Developer tab, in the Code group, click Macros. Or press the Alt + F8 shortcut. In the dialog box that shows up, 
    select the macro of interest, and then click Run.
    665: ≈ 25.80
    89: ≈ 9.43
    72: ≈ 8.49
    86: ≈ 9.27
    48: ≈ 6.93
    32: ≈ 5.66
    569: ≈ 24.08
    7521: ≈ 86.72



Q.6 What are the shortcut keys used to
a. Run the code
b. Step into the code
c. Step out of code
d. Reset the code
ANS:Here are the common shortcut keys for running, stepping into/out of, and resetting code, generally applicable to various  
    IDEs and programming environments: 
    a. Run the code: F5 or Ctrl+Shift+R
    b. Step into the code: F11 or Shift+F11
    c. Step out of code: Shift+F11
    d. Reset the code: Ctrl+Shift+D or Ctrl+Shift+K






































































