1    How and when to use the AutoSum command in excel?
ans= If you need to sum a column or row of numbers, let Excel do the math for you. 
     Select a cell next to the numbers you want to sum, select AutoSum on the Home 
     tab,press Enter, and you're done.When you select AutoSum, Excel automatically 
     enters a formula (that uses the SUM function) to sum the numbers.You can use 
     the AutoSum tool to add up values in ranges through a single-click function.
     The AutoSum tool, which you'll find on both the Home tab and Formulas tab of   
     the Ribbon, contains a set of quick single-click functions.To use these commands,
     select the range of data and then choose the appropriate function.

2      What is the shortcut key to perform AutoSum?
ans =The Autosum Excel Function[1] can be accessed by typing ALT + the = sign in a 
           spreadsheet, and it will automatically create a formula to sum all the numbers
           in a continuous range. This function is a great way to speed up your financial analysis.
          The keyboard shortcut for AutoSum in Excel is Alt + =:
           (1)  Place the cursor below the column or to the left of the row of numbers you want to add
           (2)  Press and hold the Alt key
           (3)   Press the equals sign (=)
           (4)  Press Enter .

3      How do you get rid of Formula that omits adjacent cells?
ans= To turn off the notification "Formula Omits Adjacent Cells
            " you're getting, kindly follow the steps below:  
            (1)  Open  Excel and then click on File.
            (2)  Go to Options and then select Formulas.
            (3)  Look for Error checking rules and uncheck Formulas which omit cells in a region.
             (4)  Click OK.
 
4      How do you select non-adjacent cells in Excel 2016?
ans=  To select non-adjacent cells in Excel, you can:
        (1)  Hold down the Ctrl key on your keyboard
        (2) Click   on the first cell you want to select
        (3)While holding down Ctrl, click on each additional cell you want to select
        (4)When you're done, release the Ctrl key 
    If you accidentally select a cell you didn't want to, you can click on it to deselect it. 
    You can also select a range of cells by:
       * Selecting a cell, then dragging the left mouse button over the other cells
       *Using the Shift + arrow keys to select the range 
     To select non-adjacent cells and cell ranges, hold Ctrl and select the cells.

5    What happens if you choose a column, hold down the Alt key and press the letters
ocw in quick succession?
ans=  Press the Alt key to display the ribbon shortcuts, called Key Tips,
           as letters in small images next to the tabs and options as shown in 
          the image below. You can combine the Key Tips letters with the Alt
          key to make shortcuts called Access Keys for the ribbon options.

6  If you right-click on a row reference number and click on Insert, where will the row
be added?
ans=  To insert a single row: Right-click the whole row above which you want to 
             insert the new row, and then select Insert Rows. To insert multiple rows: 
             Select the same number of rows above which you want to add new ones. 
              Right-click the selection, and then select Insert Rows.
           (1) Select the row below where you want to insert a new row.
                 To highlight the entire row, click on its number.
           (2)Choose any of the following techniques to add a new row:
                Right-click and select Insert from the context menu. 
                Use the ribbon: Home tab > Insert > Insert Sheet Rows.






















